What goal saved Fulham from relegation and effectively guaranteed their place in the top-flight for the following season?
What goal drew Dempsey level with Bert Patenaude as the second-highest goalscoring American in the World Cup, one behind Landon Donovan?
What run of good form saw Dempsey play higher-up the field into an orthodox striker position?
What made Dempsey the most expensive American export to the Premier League in a deal worth a reported £2 million?
Who started 23 of 24 matches scoring seven goals?
When did Dempsey score two goals against Germany in a 4–3 win?
Who is a Roman Catholic?
When did Dempsey score the lone goal in an international friendly win against four - time World champion Italy?
Who contributed ten goals and nine assists in 26 games?
Who was most likely not offside?
When did Dempsey score a long range goal and added an assist while playing against Stoke City to help Spurs win 2–1 and keep them in contention for the fourth Champions League spot?
Where did Jamaica Dempsey score the only goal to advance the Americans to the final?
When was suddenly struck with a fatal brain aneurysm?
When was Dempsey involved in an aerial collision with John Terry during a 0–0 draw at Stamford Bridge which resulted in Terry substituted?
When did Dempsey score in the 85th minute to secure a 1–0 win against Liverpool at Craven Cottage?
Who was awarded the Bronze Ball as the tournament's 3rd best performer?
Where did Cup Dempsey score to put the USA up 2–0 to send them to the finals?
Who quickly integrated himself into the starting lineup?
Who recorded the then fastest goal in US qualifying history with a chest trap and sliding shot 53 seconds into an 8–0 defeat of Barbados?
What was in driving snow at White Hart Lane against league leaders Manchester United?
Where did Dempsey play for national team at the 2003 FICA World Youth Championship in the United Arab Emirates?
Who went on to suffer a broken nose midway through the first half as the United States defeated Ghana 2–1?
What made Dempsey the most expensive American export to the Premier League in a deal worth a reported £2 million?
When did Dempsey score two goals against Germany in a 4–3 win?
When did Dempsey also score a goal in a 2–0 win over Jamaica?
When did Dempsey score the lone goal in an international friendly win against four - time World champion Italy?
When did Dempsey contribute ten goals and nine assists in 26 games?
Where did incident Dempsey score both U.S. goals?
When did Dempsey score a long range goal and added an assist while playing against Stoke City to help Spurs win 2–1 and keep them in contention for the fourth Champions League spot?
Who eventually lost the match on penalties and thus were eliminated from Europe?
Where did Dempsey become the first USA player to reach the milestone of fifty goals in the Premier League, with a free kick against in the last home game of the season?
Where did error Dempsey become the second American (after Brian McBride)?
When did Dempsey score in the 85th minute to secure a 1–0 win against Liverpool at Craven Cottage?
What was not in the starting XI for the first three matches of the 2007–08 season?
When did the first a free kick and the second a header?
When was Dempsey named to the US roster for the 2006 World Cup in Germany?
Where did Barbados Dempsey record the then fastest goal in US qualifying history with a chest trap and sliding shot 53 seconds into an 8–0 defeat of Barbados?
Who was able to salvage a dramatic 1–1 draw for Spurs by slotting home a pass from Aaron Lennon in the 93rd minute?
Who had signed a contract extension which would keep him at the club until the summer of 2010?
Where did Dempsey go on?
Who scored two goals on April 12?
Where did win Dempsey score two goals against ?
Where did Jamaica Dempsey score a goal?
Who would eventually score 25 goals in 71 appearances with the Revolution?
When did Dempsey contribute ten goals and nine assists in 26 games?
Who played a key role in helping the United States advance to the final?
Where did spot Dempsey score a long range goal?
When did the goals helped the United States advance into the final qualifying stage for World Cup?
Who added 8 more goals, but missed significant time in the playoffs due to injury?
Who scored a double against Coventry City?
Where did Cottage Dempsey score in the 85th minute to secure a 1–0 win against at Craven Cottage?
Where was Dempsey be not in the starting XI for the first three matches of the 2007–08 season?
When did in a 3–0 home win over Stoke City?
When was Dempsey named to the US roster for the 2006 World Cup in Germany?
When was in addition to a second fine?
Who beat Portsmouth 1–0 on the final day of the season to secure Premier League status for another year?
Where did Dempsey become the 14th American to reach 100 caps on September 6, 2013,?
Who received 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?
Who scored two goals against Germany in a 4–3 win?
What is a Roman Catholic?
Who also became the first American player to score in three consecutive World Cups?
Where did Southampton were score against ?
Who scored against Ghana 29 seconds into the group play match?
Who scored a long range goal and added an assist while playing against Stoke City to help Spurs win 2–1 and keep them in contention for the fourth Champions League spot?
Who scored the only goal to advance the Americans to the final?
Where did Cup Dempsey score a trademark diving header?
When was Dempsey involved in an aerial collision with John Terry during a 0–0 draw at Stamford Bridge which resulted in Terry substituted?
Who scored in the 85th minute to secure a 1–0 win against Liverpool at Craven Cottage?
Where did Dempsey end with two goals?
Who scored to put the USA up 2–0 to send them to the finals?
Where did debut follow seven days later in a 3–0 home win over ?
Where did was named to the US roster for the 2006 World Cup in ?
What was able to salvage a dramatic 1–1 draw for Spurs by slotting home a pass from Aaron Lennon in the 93rd minute?
When did to secure Premier League status for another year?
When did in the Third Round of the FA Cup against Norwich City?
Who redirected Landon Donovan's pass into the net?
