Who stated being realistic and being serious were not the same thing?
Does Kirk argue that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable?
Is Kurtzman a casual fan, while Burk was not?
Was line difficult to write and was ultimately cut out?
Did Had Nimoy dislike the script, production would have been delayed for it to be rewritten?
Has guy been doing it for forty years?
Were welders hired for the teaser?
Was film shot in various locations around California and Utah?
Was recording used for the Romulans?
Where was Kirk promoted and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral?










(u'When did oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?', u'burtt')
(u'When was the film nominated for five Teen Choice Awards?', u'be')










(u'When did Burtt use oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?', u'used', u'burtt')
(u'When was the film nominated for five Teen Choice Awards?', u'nominated', u'be')
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
What guy has been doing it for forty years?
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
WHEN
When did oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?
When did Burtt use oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?
When was the film nominated for five Teen Choice Awards?
When was the film nominated for five Teen Choice Awards?
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
WHERE
Where is Trek a 2009 American science fiction adventure film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed?
Where is Star Trek a 2009 American science fiction adventure film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed?
Where does film follow James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and Spock (Zachary Quinto) as they combat Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan from their future who threatens the United Federation of Planets?
Where does The film follow James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and Spock (Zachary Quinto) as they combat Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan from their future who threatens the United Federation of Planets?
Where did separation convince CBS to produce a feature film?
Where did After the separation and CBS Corporation, former Paramount president Gail Berman convince CBS to produce a feature film?
Where was film shot in various locations and Utah?
Where was The film shot in various locations and Utah?
Where was it released and Canada on May 8, 2009, to positive reviews?
Where was It released and Canada on May 8, 2009, to positive reviews?
Where was sequel released on May 16, 2013 with Abrams returning as director and Orci and Kurtzman returning as screenwriters (with the addition producer Damon Lindelof as screenwriter)?
Where was A sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness, released on May 16, 2013 with Abrams returning as director and Orci and Kurtzman returning as screenwriters (with the addition producer Damon Lindelof as screenwriter)?
Where does Earth become a reckless but intelligent young adult?
Where does, Kirk become a reckless but intelligent young adult?
Where does 2255 meet Captain Christopher Pike, who encourages him to enlist, where Kirk meets and befriends doctor Leonard McCoy?
Where does In 2255, after a bar fight with Starfleet cadets accompanying Nyota Uhura, Kirk meet Captain Christopher Pike, who encourages him to enlist, where Kirk meets and befriends doctor Leonard McCoy?
Where was hearing interrupted by a distress signal?
Where was The disciplinary hearing interrupted by a distress signal?
Where does storm break protocol to convince Pike that the distress signal is a trap?
Where does Enterprise find the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling's core?
Where does Enterprise find the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling's core?
Where does As the Narada moves, Nero torture Pike to gain access to Earth's defense codes?
Where do Enterprise beam aboard the Narada?
Where do While the Enterprise hides itself within the gas clouds, Kirk and Spock beam aboard the Narada?
Where does Spock lead the Narada away and sets his ship to collide with Nero's ship?
Where does Spock lead the Narada away and sets his ship to collide with Nero's ship?
Where was Kirk promoted and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral?
Where was Kirk promoted and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral?
Where does Spock encounter his older self, who persuades his younger self to continue serving, encouraging him to do what feels right instead of what is logical?
Where does Spock encounter his older self, who persuades his younger self to continue serving, encouraging him to do what feels right instead of what is logical?
Where does Spock remain, becoming first officer under Kirk's command?
Where does Spock remain, becoming first officer under Kirk's command?
Where do Abrams see Pine's first audition, and it was only's agent met Abrams' wife that the director decided to give him another audition opposite Quinto?
Where do Abrams did not see Pine's first audition, and it was only's agent met Abrams' wife that the director decided to give him another audition opposite Quinto?
Where was Quinto supportive's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym?
Where was Quinto supportive's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym?
Where did Pine choose to incorporate elements of Tom Cruise from Top Gun and Harrison Ford's portrayals and Han Solo?
Where does film establish (to Kirk's surprise) and Spock are lovers and have been romantically linked for some time, a point which had never been previously explored on TV or in film.?
Where does The film officially establish (to Kirk's surprise) and Spock are lovers and have been romantically linked for some time, a point which had never been previously explored on TV or in film.?
Where did he say he was happy to play a role with lots of comedy, something he had not done, because he was tired of action-oriented roles?
Where did He say he was happy to play a role with lots of comedy, something he had not done, because he was tired of action-oriented roles?
Where was accent assisted by his wife Maureen, who is, although Pegg said that Scotty was from Linlithgow and that he therefore wanted his accent to sound more East Coast Scottish?
Where was To achieve Scotty's accent, Pegg assisted by his wife Maureen, who is, although Pegg said that Scotty was from Linlithgow and that he therefore wanted his accent to sound more East Coast Scottish?
Where been Lee be interested in playing the part, but both he and Quinto, who had already been cast as Spock, were at the time members of the cast of the television series Heroes, and its producers told Lee they did not want to lose another cast member for three months?
Where do roles include Rachel Nichols as Gaila, an Orion Starfleet cadet; Deep Roy as Scotty's assistant Keenser; and Paul McGillion as a Starfleet barracks leader?
Where do Additional minor roles include Rachel Nichols as Gaila, an Orion Starfleet cadet; Deep Roy as Scotty's assistant Keenser; and Paul McGillion as a Starfleet barracks leader?
Where does Perry appear as the head, Admiral Richard Barnett?
Where do Abrams consider themselves trekkies, and feel some of the Star Trek novels have canonical value, never considered the novels to be canon?
Where do Abrams, Orci and Kurtzman, plus producers Damon Lindelof and Bryan Burk, felt the franchise had explored enough of what took place after the series, Orci and Lindelof consider themselves trekkies, and feel some of the Star Trek novels have canonical value, never considered the novels to be canon?
Where did company produce the film, marking the first time another company had financed a Star Trek film?
Where did Abrams' company, Bad Robot Productions produce the film, marking the first time another company had financed a Star Trek film?
Where did he note that his general knowledge of Star Trek made him well suited to introduce the franchise to newcomers, and that, being an optimistic person, he would make Star Trek an optimistic film, which would be a refreshing contrast to the likes?
Where did He note that his general knowledge of Star Trek made him well suited to introduce the franchise to newcomers, and that, being an optimistic person, he would make Star Trek an optimistic film, which would be a refreshing contrast to the likes?
Where does filmmakers explore Kirk's childhood and names his parents?
Where does The filmmakers sought inspiration from novels such, Spock's World and Best Destiny to fill in gaps unexplained by canon; Best Destiny particularly explore Kirk's childhood and names his parents?
Where did Orci explain parts of the ship would have to be constructed because of the artificial gravity employed on the ship and its requirement for sustaining warp speed, and therefore the calibration of the ship's machinery would be best done in the exact gravity well which is to be simulated?
Where did Orci explain parts of the ship would have to be constructed because of the artificial gravity employed on the ship and its requirement for sustaining warp speed, and therefore the calibration of the ship's machinery would be best done in the exact gravity well which is to be simulated?
Where did they feel free to have the ship built because canon is ambiguous as to whether it was built in San Francisco, but this is a result of the time travel rather than something intended to overlap with the original timeline?
Where did They feel free to have the ship built because canon is ambiguous as to whether it was built in San Francisco, but this is a result of the time travel rather than something intended to overlap with the original timeline?
Where did they note that, in the creation of this film, they were influenced, particularly in pacing?
Where did They also note that, in the creation of this film, they were influenced, particularly in pacing?
Where was The Kelvin's captain, Richard Robau (Faran Tahir), named after Orci's Cuban uncle: Orci theorized the fictional character was born and grew up in the Middle East?
Where did Abrams create the fictitious drink for Alias and it reappeared in viral marketing?
Where did Abrams create the fictitious drink for Alias and it reappeared in viral marketing?
Where is owner also and appears on a building in San Francisco?
Where is Its owner, Tagruato, also and appears on a building in San Francisco?
Where did Bobbitt collaborate on recreating the original communicator, creating a $50,000 prototype?
Where did Prop master Russell Bobbitt collaborate on recreating the original communicator, creating a $50,000 prototype?
Where would Chambliss create a foreboding atmosphere?
Where would Chambliss was heavily influenced by the architecture for the Narada, who created buildings that appeared to be inside out: by making the ship's exposed wires appear like bones or ligaments, it create a foreboding atmosphere?
Where did Kaplan track down the makers of those clothes, who were discovered to be based, and commissioned them to create his designs?
Where did Kaplan track down the makers of those clothes, who were discovered to be based, and commissioned them to create his designs?
Where did Abrams deem the scene too similar to the cantina sequence and decided to dot the designs around the film?
Where did Abrams deem the scene too similar to the cantina sequence and decided to dot the designs around the film?
Where was tribble placed in the background of Scotty's introduction?
Where was A tribble placed in the background of Scotty's introduction?
Where did photography begin on November 7, 2007 and culminated on March 27, 2008; however second unit filming occurred, California in April 2008, which stood in for Kirk's childhood home in Iowa?
Where did Principal photography for the film begin on November 7, 2007 and culminated on March 27, 2008; however second unit filming occurred, California in April 2008, which stood in for Kirk's childhood home in Iowa?
Where was lot used for the ice planet of Delta Vega and the Romulan drilling rig on Vulcan?
Where was A parking lot used for the ice planet of Delta Vega and the Romulan drilling rig on Vulcan?
Where did filmmakers express an interest for scenes on Delta Vega, but decided against it: Chambliss enjoyed the challenge of filming scenes with snow in southern California?
Where did The filmmakers express an interest for scenes on Delta Vega, but decided against it: Chambliss enjoyed the challenge of filming scenes with snow in southern California?
Where were exteriors shot, a location that was used in various episodes of the original series?
Where were Other Vulcan exteriors shot, a location that was used in various episodes of the original series?
Where was plant used for the Enterprise's engine room, while a Long Beach power plant was used for the Kelvin's engine room?
Where was A Budweiser plant used for the Enterprise's engine room, while a Long Beach power plant was used for the Kelvin's engine room?
Where did initiation tell Variety that while he would not render writing services for the film and intended to walk the picket line, he did not expect the strike to impact his directing of the production?
Where was Porco consulted on the planetary science and imagery?
Where was Carolyn Porco consulted on the planetary science and imagery?
Where were effects designed veteran Ben Burtt?
Where were The sound effects designed veteran Ben Burtt?
Where did Whereas the phaser blast noises from the television series were derived the Worlds (1953), Burtt make his phaser sounds more like his blasters from Star Wars, because Abrams' depiction of phasers were closer to the blasters' bullet-like fire, rather than the steady beams of energy in previous Star Trek films?
Where was screening held on April 6, 2009, theater in Austin, Texas, hosted by writers Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and producer Damon Lindelof?
Where was A surprise public screening held on April 6, 2009, theater in Austin, Texas, hosted by writers Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and producer Damon Lindelof?
Where was showing publicized as a screening: The Wrath of Khan, followed by a ten-minute preview of the new Star Trek film?
Where was The showing publicized as a screening: The Wrath of Khan, followed by a ten-minute preview of the new Star Trek film?
Where was Following held at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney on April 7, 2009?
Where was Following the surprise screening, the first of many premieres across the world held at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney on April 7, 2009?
Where did trailer debut in theaters on January 18, 2008, which showed the Enterprise under construction?
Where did The first teaser trailer debut in theaters on January 18, 2008, which showed the Enterprise under construction?
Where was Sweden released on November 4?
Where was and Germany, it released on November 4?
Where did screenings start at 7 pm on May 7, 2009, grossing $4 million on its opening day?
Where did Official screenings start at 7 pm on May 7, 2009, grossing $4 million on its opening day?
Where is film the highest-grossing and Canada from the entire Star Trek film franchise, eclipsing The Voyage Home and Star Trek: The Motion Picture?
Where is The film the highest-grossing and Canada from the entire Star Trek film franchise, eclipsing The Voyage Home and Star Trek: The Motion Picture?
Where do numbers outgros the entire individual runs, The Final Frontier, Insurrection and Nemesis?
Where do Its opening weekend numbers alone outgros the entire individual runs, The Final Frontier, Insurrection and Nemesis?
Where was grosses happy with the international sales, as Star Trek historically was a movie franchise that never has been a big draw overseas?
Where was While foreign grosses represent only 31% of the total box office receipts, executives happy with the international sales, as Star Trek historically was a movie franchise that never has been a big draw overseas?
Where were sentiments expressed journalist Peter Travers, who gave the film a 3.5 out of 4 stars?
Where were Similar sentiments expressed journalist Peter Travers, who gave the film a 3.5 out of 4 stars?
Where did he feel that the acting from the cast was the highlight of the filming, asserting that the performance radiated star quality?
Where did He feel that the acting from the cast was the highlight of the filming, asserting that the performance radiated star quality?
Where does Robey chart their relationship [...] in a nicely oblique way.?
Where was 2010 nominated for four Academy Awards, for Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, Best Visual Effects, and Best Makeup?
Where was In 2010, it nominated for four Academy Awards, for Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, Best Visual Effects, and Best Makeup?
Where did October win the Hollywood Award, and attained six Scream Awards and the 2009 Scream Awards Ceremony?
Where was film nominated for a Grammy Award for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, but was beaten out by Up, also composed by Michael Giacchino?
Where was The film nominated for a Grammy Award for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, but was beaten out by Up, also composed by Michael Giacchino?
Where was addition nominated for five Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards and was named one of the top-ten films of 2009?
Where was In addition, Star Trek nominated for five Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards and was named one of the top-ten films of 2009?
WHO
WHO
WHO
WHO
WHO
WHO
WHO
WHO
WHO
WHO
Who announced plans to produce a prequel modeled after the television series?
Who and screenwriter Erik Jendresen wrote an unproduced film, titled Star Trek?
Who convinced CBS to produce a feature film?
Who and Orci used inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series itself?
Who wanted to avoid using bluescreen and greenscreen, opting to use sets and locations instead?
Who come aboard to negotiate a truce?
Who sacrifices his life to ensure Winona's survival as she gives birth to James T. Kirk?
Who becomes a reckless but intelligent young adult?
Who meets Captain Christopher Pike, who encourages him to enlist in Starfleet Academy, where Kirk meets and befriends doctor Leonard McCoy?
Who accuses Kirk of cheating during the Kobayashi Maru simulation?
Who argues that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable?
Who was born, Kirk breaks protocol to convince Pike that the distress signal is a trap?
Who and Sulu disable the drill?
Who rescues the high council and his father Sarek, but Amanda dies?
Who encounters an older Spock, who explains that he and Nero are from 129 years in the future?
Who stranded Spock on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan's destruction?
Who and the elder Spock meet Montgomery Scott?
Who and Scott beam onto the Enterprise?
Who provokes younger Spock into attacking him, forcing Spock to recognize he is emotionally compromised and relinquish command to Kirk?
Who decides to help Kirk?
Who uses the elder Spock's ship to destroy the drill?
Who leads the Narada away from Earth and sets his ship to collide with Nero's ship?
Who encounters his older self, who persuades his younger self to continue serving in Starfleet, encouraging him to do what feels right instead of what is logical?
Who remains in Starfleet, becoming first officer under Kirk's command?
Who did not see Pine's first audition, and it was only after Pine's agent met Abrams' wife that the director decided to give him another audition opposite Quinto?
Who was supportive of Pine's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym?
Who watched classic episodes and read encyclopedias about the Star Trek universe, but stopped as he felt weighed down by the feeling he had to copy Shatner?
Who said when watching the original series, he was also struck by how Shatner's performance was characterized by humor?
Who auditioned for the role?
Who portrays a younger Kirk?
Who wore a blue shirt and flattened his hair down to feel more like Spock?
Who had discussed playing the role with the director before Quinto was cast?
Who portrays a younger Spock?
Who shot his scenes toward the end of filming?
Who knew Abrams because they coincidentally shared the same agent?
Who improvised the character's speech patterns?
Who watched some episodes of the show during breaks in filming, Nimoy was his main resource in playing Spock?
Who had remained in his chair after their conversation, emotionally overwhelmed by his decision after turning down many opportunities to revisit the role?
Who had never seen the original series, though she had played a Trekkie in The Terminal (2004), but agreed to play the role after Abrams complimented her.?
Who had created Uhura's background and had named the character?
Who was seven years old and actively pursued the role after rediscovering the series on DVD with his son?
Who was happy to play a role with lots of comedy, something he had not done since The Price of Milk, because he was tired of action-oriented roles?
Who contacted Pegg by e-mail, offering him the part?
Who said that Scotty was from Linlithgow and that he therefore wanted his accent to sound more East Coast Scottish?
Who used is a mixture of both, although it leans more towards the West sound?
Who had originally been interested in playing the part of Sulu, but both he and Quinto, who had already been cast as Spock, were at the time members of the cast of the television series Heroes, and its producers told Lee they did not want to lose another cast member for three months?
Who and Abrams felt this was a trait more common of Polish accents than Russian ones?
Who plays Kelvin captain Richard Robau?
Who plays Chief Engineer Olson, the redshirt who is killed during the space jump?
Who plays a Klingon interrogator who tortures Nero during his time on Rura Penthe?
Who appears as the head of Starfleet Academy, Admiral Richard Barnett?
Who completed two weeks before her death on December 18, 2008.Orci and Kurtzman wrote a scene for Shatner, in which old Spock gives his younger self a recorded message by Kirk from the previous timeline.?
Who wanted to share Nimoy's major role, and did not want a cameo, despite his character's death in Star Trek Generations?
Who decided if his character was accompanying Nimoy's, it would have become a film about the resurrection of Kirk, and not about introducing the new versions of the characters?
Who disliked the character's death in Generations, but also felt resurrecting Kirk would be detrimental to this film, and his friendship with Shatner caused them to avoid discussing the film?
Who was going to make a film prequel to the television series?
Who and Harve Bennett submitted a proposal for a prequel during development of the fourth film?
Who rejected Bennett's prequel proposal in 1991, after the completion of Star Trek V: The Final Frontier?
Who wrote a script entitled The Academy Years, but it was shelved in light of objections from Roddenberry and the fanbase?
Who and screenwriter Erik Jendresen began developing a new film entitled Star Trek?
Who approached Mission: Impossible III writers Orci and Kurtzman for ideas on the new film, and after the film had completed shooting she asked their director, Abrams, to produce it?
Who is a casual fan, while Burk was not?
Who replaced them as financial partner?
Who had actually preferred the Star Wars movies?
Who would make Star Trek an optimistic film, which would be a refreshing contrast to the likes of The Dark Knight?
Who only became involved with the project as producer initially because he wanted to help Orci, Kurtzman and Lindelof?
Who accepted Paramount's offer to direct the film, after having initially been attached to it solely as a producer?
Who in the film was important.?
Who said it was difficult giving a good explanation for the time travel without being gimmicky, like having Nero specifically seeking to assassinate Kirk?
Who noted while the time travel story allowed them to alter some backstory elements such as Kirk's first encounter with the Romulans, they could not use it as a crutch to change everything and they tried to approach the film as a prequel as much as possible?
Who felt nothing in his script precluded it from the new film's backstory?
Who and Kurtzman wanted to explain from old Spock as a way of the timeline mending itself, highlighting the theme of destiny?
Who had sent the fan art to Abrams to show how realistic the film could be?
Who explained parts of the ship would have to be constructed on Earth because of the artificial gravity employed on the ship and its requirement for sustaining warp speed, and therefore the calibration of the ship's machinery would be best done in the exact gravity well which is to be simulated?
Who noted the continuity of the original series itself was inconsistent at times?
Who saw humor and sex appeal as two integral and popular elements of the show that needed to be maintained?
Who stated being realistic and being serious were not the same thing?
Who signed on to direct?
Who read graduate school dissertations on the series for inspiration; they noted comparisons of Kirk, Spock and McCoy to Shakespearian archetypes, and Kirk and Spock's friendship echoing that of John Lennon and Paul McCartney?
Who theorized the fictional character was born in Cuba and grew up in the Middle East?
Who created the fictitious drink for Alias and it reappeared in viral marketing for Cloverfield?
Who worked with a large group of concept illustrators, including James Clyne, Ryan Church, creature designer Neville Page, and Star Trek veteran John Eaves?
Who stated the difficulty of depicting the future was that much of modern technology was inspired by the original show, and made it seem outdated?
Who brought the original prop to the set, but the actors found it too large to carry when filming action scenes, so technical advisor Doug Brody redesigned it to be smaller?
Who maintained the layout of the original bridge, but aesthetically altered it with brighter colors to reflect the optimism of Star Trek?
Who compared the redesign to the sleek modernist work of Pierre Cardin and the sets from 2001: A Space Odyssey, which were from the 1960s?
Who followed the show's original color-coding, with dark gray (almost black) undershirts and pants and colored overshirts showing each crew member's position?
Who wanted the shirts to be more sophisticated than the originals and selected to have the Starfleet symbol patterned on them?
Who wears only the undershirt because he is a cadet?
Who modelled the uniforms on the Kelvin on science fiction films of the 1940s and 1950s, to contrast with the Enterprise-era uniforms based on the ones created in the 1960s?
Who had a fourth prosthetic for the bitemark on his ear that extends to the back of his character's head?
Who wanted aged, worn and rugged clothes for the Romulans because of their mining backgrounds, and found some greasy looking fabrics at a flea market?
Who tracked down the makers of those clothes, who were discovered to be based in Bali, and commissioned them to create his designs?
Who supervised the makeup for the other aliens: his team had to rush the creation of many of the aliens, because originally the majority of them were to feature in one scene towards the end of filming?
Who deemed the scene too similar to the cantina sequence in Star Wars and decided to dot the designs around the film?
Who enjoyed the challenge of filming scenes with snow in southern California?
Who and Lindelof polished the script for a final time?
Who was frustrated that he was unable to alter lines during the strike, whereas normally they would have been able to improvise new ideas during rehearsal, although Lindelof acknowledged they could dub some lines in post-production?
Who was able to alter a scene where Spock combats six Romulans from a fistfight to a gunfight, having decided there were too many physical brawls in the film?
Who cut out some scenes of Kirk and Spock as children, including seeing the latter as a baby, as well as a subplot involving Nero being imprisoned by the Klingons and his escape: this explanation for his absence during Kirk's life confused many to whom Abrams screened the film?
Who agrees to open the e-mail containing his patch that allows him to pass the Kobayashi Maru test?
Who chose to shoot the film in the anamorphic format on 35 mm film after discussions about whether the film should be shot in high-definition digital video?
Who and Abrams agreed the choice gave the film a big-screen feel and the realistic, organic look they wanted for the film setting?
Who and Mindel used lens flares throughout filming to create an optimistic atmosphere and a feeling that activity was taking place off-camera, making the Star Trek universe feel more real?
Who later said in interview that he had not told her (or fellow editor Maryann Brandon) this, and initially contacted the film developers asking why the film seemed overexposed?
Who had fond memories of the revelation of the Enterprise's refit in Star Trek: The Motion Picture, because it was the first time the ship felt tangible and real to him?
Who wanted the ship to have more moving parts, which stemmed from his childhood dissatisfaction with the ship's design: The new Enterprise's dish can expand and move, while the fins on its engines split slightly when they begin warping?
Who conceived the redesign to emphasize the notion of transporters as beams that can pick up and move people, rather than a signal composed of scrambled atoms?
Who required extensive damage to his teeth, which was significant enough to completely replace his mouth in some shots?
Who rerecorded his lines so they could rotoscope his mouth into the film, even recreating the lighting conditions, but they realized they had to digitally recreate his lips because of the bouncing light created by the camp fire?
Who said symbolized the momentum of the crew coming together?
Who made his phaser sounds more like his blasters from Star Wars, because Abrams' depiction of phasers were closer to the blasters' bullet-like fire, rather than the steady beams of energy in previous Star Trek films?
Who reproduced the classic photon torpedo and warp drive sounds: he tapped a long spring against a contact microphone, and combined that with cannon fire?
Who used a 1960s oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?
Who himself directed the first part of the trailer, where a welder removes his goggles?
Who toured Europe and North America with 25 minutes of footage?
Who noted the large-scale campaign started unusually early, but this was because the release delay allowed him to show more completed scenes than normal?
Who felt that as the film progressed to the conclusion, Pine and Quinto emulated the same connection as Kirk and Spock?
Who ultimately gave it a 2.5 out of 4 stars?
Who and Bryan Burk signed to produce and Abrams signed to direct the first sequel?
Who will return only as producer (due to him directing Star Wars: The Force Awakens) and Kurtzman is no longer writing?
Who indicated that he would not be directing the film?
Who will direct the film?
DO
DO
DO
DO
DO
DO
DO
DO
DO
DO
Is Trek a 2009 American science fiction adventure film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed by Paramount Pictures?
Is Star Trek a 2009 American science fiction adventure film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed by Paramount Pictures?
Is it the 11th film of the Star Trek film franchise and is also a reboot that features the main characters of the original Star Trek television series, portrayed by a new cast and the first in the reboot series?
Is It the 11th film of the Star Trek film franchise and is also a reboot that features the main characters of the original Star Trek television series, portrayed by a new cast and the first in the reboot series?
Does film follow James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and Spock (Zachary Quinto) aboard the USS Enterprise as they combat Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan from their future who threatens the United Federation of Planets?
Does The film follow James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and Spock (Zachary Quinto) aboard the USS Enterprise as they combat Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan from their future who threatens the United Federation of Planets?
Does story take place in an alternate reality because of time travel by both Nero and the original Spock (Leonard Nimoy)?
Does The story take place in an alternate reality because of time travel by both Nero and the original Spock (Leonard Nimoy)?
Was timeline created in an attempt to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements?
Was The alternate timeline created in an attempt to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements?
Did concept resurface temporarily in the late 1980s, when it was postulated by Harve Bennett as a possible plotline for the movie that would become Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, but was rejected in lieu of other projects by Roddenberry?
Did The concept resurface temporarily in the late 1980s, when it was postulated by Harve Bennett as a possible plotline for the movie that would become Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, but was rejected in lieu of other projects by Roddenberry?
Did separation convince CBS to produce a feature film?
Did After the separation between Viacom and CBS Corporation, former Paramount president Gail Berman convince CBS to produce a feature film?
Were Orci approached to write the film and Abrams was approached to direct it?
Were Orci and Kurtzman, both fans of the Star Trek series, approached to write the film and Abrams was approached to direct it?
Did Kurtzman use inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series itself?
Did Kurtzman and Orci use inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series itself?
Did photography commence on November 7, 2007 and ended on March 27, 2008?
Did Principal photography commence on November 7, 2007 and ended on March 27, 2008?
Was film shot in various locations around California and Utah?
Was The film shot in various locations around California and Utah?
Did Abrams want to avoid using bluescreen and greenscreen, opting to use sets and locations instead?
Did Abrams want to avoid using bluescreen and greenscreen, opting to use sets and locations instead?
Did secrecy surround the film's production and was under the fake working title Corporate Headquarters?
Did Heavy secrecy surround the film's production and was under the fake working title Corporate Headquarters?
Did Light use digital ships for the film, as opposed to the previous films in the franchise?
Did Industrial Light & Magic use digital ships for the film, as opposed to the previous films in the franchise?
Was it released in the United States and Canada on May 8, 2009, to positive reviews?
Was It released in the United States and Canada on May 8, 2009, to positive reviews?
Did Critics praise the character development as well as the storyline in the film?
Did Critics praise the character development as well as the storyline in the film?
Did Trek become a box office success, grossing over $385.7 million worldwide?
Did Star Trek become a box office success, grossing over $385.7 million worldwide?
Were DVD released on November 17, 2009?
Were The DVD and Blu-ray for the film released on November 17, 2009?
Did success sign on for two sequels, making Star Trek the first of a planned trilogy?
Did Following the success of the film, its cast members sign on for two sequels, making Star Trek the first of a planned trilogy?
Was sequel released on May 16, 2013 with Abrams returning as director and Orci and Kurtzman returning as screenwriters (with the addition of Star Trek producer Damon Lindelof as screenwriter)?
Was A sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness, released on May 16, 2013 with Abrams returning as director and Orci and Kurtzman returning as screenwriters (with the addition of Star Trek producer Damon Lindelof as screenwriter)?
Does ship emerge from the storm and attacks the Kelvin?
Does A Romulan ship, the Narada, emerge from the storm and attacks the Kelvin?
Does commander kill him, and resumes attacking the Kelvin?
Does Narada's commander, Nero, kill him, and resumes attacking the Kelvin?
Does Kirk order the ship's personnel, including his pregnant wife Winona, to abandon ship while he pilots the Kelvin on a collision course with the Narada, as the auto-pilot function is damaged?
Does George Kirk, the Kelvin's first officer, order the ship's personnel, including his pregnant wife Winona, to abandon ship while he pilots the Kelvin on a collision course with the Narada, as the auto-pilot function is damaged?
Does Kirk sacrifice his life to ensure Winona's survival as she gives birth to James T. Kirk?
Does Kirk sacrifice his life to ensure Winona's survival as she gives birth to James T. Kirk?
Does Academy join Starfleet instead?
Does Earth become a reckless but intelligent young adult?
Does On Earth, Kirk become a reckless but intelligent young adult?
Does 2255 meet Captain Christopher Pike, who encourages him to enlist in Starfleet Academy, where Kirk meets and befriends doctor Leonard McCoy?
Does In 2255, after a bar fight with Starfleet cadets accompanying Nyota Uhura, Kirk meet Captain Christopher Pike, who encourages him to enlist in Starfleet Academy, where Kirk meets and befriends doctor Leonard McCoy?
Does Spock accuse Kirk of cheating during the Kobayashi Maru simulation?
Does Three years later, Commander Spock accuse Kirk of cheating during the Kobayashi Maru simulation?
Does Kirk argue that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable?
Does Kirk argue that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable?
Was hearing interrupted by a distress signal from Vulcan?
Was The disciplinary hearing interrupted by a distress signal from Vulcan?
Does storm break protocol to convince Pike that the distress signal is a trap?
Does Enterprise find the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling into Vulcan's core?
Does Enterprise find the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling into Vulcan's core?
Does Narada attack the Enterprise and Pike surrenders, delegating command of the ship to Spock and promoting Kirk to first officer?
Does The Narada attack the Enterprise and Pike surrenders, delegating command of the ship to Spock and promoting Kirk to first officer?
Was Olson killed but Kirk and Sulu disable the drill?
Was Olson killed but Kirk and Sulu disable the drill?
Does Spock rescue the high council and his father Sarek, but Amanda dies?
Does Spock rescue the high council and his father Sarek, but Amanda dies?
Does moves torture Pike to gain access to Earth's defense codes?
Does As the Narada moves toward Earth, Nero torture Pike to gain access to Earth's defense codes?
Does Kirk encounter an older Spock, who explains that he and Nero are from 129 years in the future?
Does Kirk encounter an older Spock, who explains that he and Nero are from 129 years in the future?
Was future threatened by a supernova?
Was In that future, Romulus threatened by a supernova?
Were Narada caught in the black hole, sending them back in time?
Were Narada and Spock's vessel caught in the black hole, sending them back in time?
Did Nero strand Spock on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan's destruction?
Did Nero strand Spock on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan's destruction?
Do help beam onto the Enterprise?
Do With the elder Spock's help, Kirk and Scott beam onto the Enterprise?
Does advice provoke younger Spock into attacking him, forcing Spock to recognize he is emotionally compromised and relinquish command to Kirk?
Does Following the elder Spock's advice, Kirk provoke younger Spock into attacking him, forcing Spock to recognize he is emotionally compromised and relinquish command to Kirk?
Does Sarek decide to help Kirk?
Do Enterprise beam aboard the Narada?
Do While the Enterprise hides itself within the gas clouds of Titan, Kirk and Spock beam aboard the Narada?
Does Nero fight with Nero and Ayel, killing the latter and rescuing Pike while Spock uses the elder Spock's ship to destroy the drill?
Does Kirk fight with Nero and Ayel, killing the latter and rescuing Pike while Spock uses the elder Spock's ship to destroy the drill?
Does Spock lead the Narada away from Earth and sets his ship to collide with Nero's ship?
Does Spock lead the Narada away from Earth and sets his ship to collide with Nero's ship?
Was Kirk promoted to Captain and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral?
Was Kirk promoted to Captain and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral?
Does Spock encounter his older self, who persuades his younger self to continue serving in Starfleet, encouraging him to do what feels right instead of what is logical?
Does Spock encounter his older self, who persuades his younger self to continue serving in Starfleet, encouraging him to do what feels right instead of what is logical?
Does Spock remain in Starfleet, becoming first officer under Kirk's command?
Does Spock remain in Starfleet, becoming first officer under Kirk's command?
Do Abrams see Pine's first audition, and it was only after Pine's agent met Abrams' wife that the director decided to give him another audition opposite Quinto?
Do Abrams did not see Pine's first audition, and it was only after Pine's agent met Abrams' wife that the director decided to give him another audition opposite Quinto?
Was Quinto supportive of Pine's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym?
Was Quinto supportive of Pine's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym?
Did part send William Shatner a letter and received a reply containing Shatner's approval?
Did After getting the part, Pine send William Shatner a letter and received a reply containing Shatner's approval?
Did Pine watch classic episodes and read encyclopedias about the Star Trek universe, but stopped as he felt weighed down by the feeling he had to copy Shatner?
Did Pine watch classic episodes and read encyclopedias about the Star Trek universe, but stopped as he felt weighed down by the feeling he had to copy Shatner?
Did Pine say when watching the original series, he was also struck by how Shatner's performance was characterized by humor?
Did Pine say when watching the original series, he was also struck by how Shatner's performance was characterized by humor?
Did Pine choose to incorporate elements of Tom Cruise from Top Gun and Harrison Ford's portrayals of Indiana Jones and Han Solo?
Did Pratt audition for the role?
Does Bennett portray a younger Kirk?
Do i think those are all things that we as a society, and certainly the world, could implement.?
Do I think those are all things that we as a society, and certainly the world, could implement.?
Did audition wear a blue shirt and flattened his hair down to feel more like Spock?
Did For the audition, Quinto wear a blue shirt and flattened his hair down to feel more like Spock?
Did he bind his fingers to practice the Vulcan salute, shaved his eyebrows and grew and dyed his hair for the role?
Did He bind his fingers to practice the Vulcan salute, shaved his eyebrows and grew and dyed his hair for the role?
Did he convey many of Spock's attributes, such as his stillness and the way Nimoy would hold his hands behind his back?
Did He convey many of Spock's attributes, such as his stillness and the way Nimoy would hold his hands behind his back?
Did i feel like I was 12 again?
Did I feel like I was 12 again?
Do you look back at those pictures and you see the bowl cut?
Do You look back at those pictures and you see the bowl cut?
Does film establish (to Kirk's surprise) that Uhura and Spock are lovers and have been romantically linked for some time, a point which had never been previously explored on TV or in film.?
Does The film officially establish (to Kirk's surprise) that Uhura and Spock are lovers and have been romantically linked for some time, a point which had never been previously explored on TV or in film.?
Does Kogan portray a younger Spock?
Does Jacob Kogan portray a younger Spock?
Did Bana shoot his scenes toward the end of filming?
Did Bana shoot his scenes toward the end of filming?
Did Bana know Abrams because they coincidentally shared the same agent?
Did Bana know Abrams because they coincidentally shared the same agent?
Did Bana improvise the character's speech patterns?
Did Bana improvise the character's speech patterns?
Is he a longtime friend of Abrams' parents, but became better acquainted with Abrams during filming?
Is He a longtime friend of Abrams' parents, but became better acquainted with Abrams during filming?
Was Quinto his main resource in playing Spock?
Was Although Quinto watched some episodes of the show during breaks in filming, Nimoy his main resource in playing Spock?
Was he silent, and Nimoy's wife Susan Bay told the creative team he had remained in his chair after their conversation, emotionally overwhelmed by his decision after turning down many opportunities to revisit the role?
Was He silent, and Nimoy's wife Susan Bay told the creative team he had remained in his chair after their conversation, emotionally overwhelmed by his decision after turning down many opportunities to revisit the role?
Did Nimoy dislike the script, production would have been delayed for it to be rewritten?
Did Had Nimoy dislike the script, production would have been delayed for it to be rewritten?
Has guy been doing it for forty years?
Has This guy been doing it for forty years?
Did it ask her to play the role because he had seen her previous work and liked it?
Did she meet with Nichelle Nichols, who explained to her how she had created Uhura's background and had named the character?
Did She meet with Nichelle Nichols, who explained to her how she had created Uhura's background and had named the character?
Was mother a Star Trek fan and sent her voice mails during filming, giving advice on the part?
Was Saldana's mother a Star Trek fan and sent her voice mails during filming, giving advice on the part?
Did Poitier audition for the part?
Did Sydney Tamiia Poitier also audition for the part?
Does film establish the character's first name, which had never been previously uttered on TV or in film?
Does The film officially establish the character's first name, which had never been previously uttered on TV or in film?
Does it establish (in an officially discreet manner) that Uhura and Spock are, in fact, lovers and had been romantically linked for some time during the film?
Does It also establish (in an officially discreet manner) that Uhura and Spock are, in fact, lovers and had been romantically linked for some time during the film?
Has Urban been a fan of the show since he was seven years old and actively pursued the role after rediscovering the series on DVD with his son?
Has Urban been a fan of the show since he was seven years old and actively pursued the role after rediscovering the series on DVD with his son?
Was Urban cast at his first audition, which was two months after his initial meeting with Abrams?
Was Urban cast at his first audition, which was two months after his initial meeting with Abrams?
Did he say he was happy to play a role with lots of comedy, something he had not done since The Price of Milk, because he was tired of action-oriented roles?
Did He say he was happy to play a role with lots of comedy, something he had not done since The Price of Milk, because he was tired of action-oriented roles?
Did Abrams contact Pegg by e-mail, offering him the part?
Did Abrams contact Pegg by e-mail, offering him the part?
Was accent assisted by his wife Maureen, who is from Glasgow, although Pegg said that Scotty was from Linlithgow and that he therefore wanted his accent to sound more East Coast Scottish?
Was To achieve Scotty's accent, Pegg assisted by his wife Maureen, who is from Glasgow, although Pegg said that Scotty was from Linlithgow and that he therefore wanted his accent to sound more East Coast Scottish?
Is Sulu a realization of that dream – going into space.?
Is [Playing Sulu] a realization of that dream – going into space.?
Did he cite the masculinity of the character as being important to him, and spent two weeks fight training?
Did He cite the masculinity of the character as being important to him, and spent two weeks fight training?
Been Lee be interested in playing the part of Sulu, but both he and Quinto, who had already been cast as Spock, were at the time members of the cast of the television series Heroes, and its producers told Lee they did not want to lose another cast member for three months?
Was rest allowed to choose what elements there were from their predecessor's performances?
Was As with the rest of the cast, Yelchin allowed to choose what elements there were from their predecessor's performances?
Do i be the czar of all the Russias.?
Do And I be the czar of all the Russias.?
Did they give him these lines?
Did [...] They give him these lines?
Does Tahir play Kelvin captain Richard Robau?
Does Faran Tahir play Kelvin captain Richard Robau?
Was Kirk played by Jennifer Morrison?
Was Winona Kirk, Kirk's mother, played by Jennifer Morrison?
Does Ellis play Chief Engineer Olson, the redshirt who is killed during the space jump?
Does Greg Ellis play Chief Engineer Olson, the redshirt who is killed during the space jump?
Do roles include Rachel Nichols as Gaila, an Orion Starfleet cadet; Deep Roy as Scotty's assistant Keenser; and Paul McGillion as a Starfleet barracks leader?
Do Additional minor roles include Rachel Nichols as Gaila, an Orion Starfleet cadet; Deep Roy as Scotty's assistant Keenser; and Paul McGillion as a Starfleet barracks leader?
Does Doohan make a cameo appearance in the transporter room as Lt?
Does Chris Doohan, the son of the original Scotty, James Doohan, make a cameo appearance in the transporter room as Lt?
Did characters have their scenes substantially or entirely cut from the film, including Brad William Henke as Kirk's stepfather (the character's lines in the film were spoken by Greg Grunberg)?
Did Some characters have their scenes substantially or entirely cut from the film, including Brad William Henke as Kirk's stepfather (the character's lines in the film were spoken by Greg Grunberg)?
Does Garber play a Klingon interrogator who tortures Nero during his time on Rura Penthe?
Does Perry appear as the head of Starfleet Academy, Admiral Richard Barnett?
Does Cawley appear as a Starfleet officer, while Pasha Lychnikoff and Lucia Rijker play Romulans, Lychnikoff a Commander and Rijker a Communications Officer. W. Morgan Sheppard, who played a Klingon in Star Trek VI?
Does James Cawley, producer and star of the webseries Star Trek: New Voyages, appear as a Starfleet officer, while Pasha Lychnikoff and Lucia Rijker play Romulans, Lychnikoff a Commander and Rijker a Communications Officer. W. Morgan Sheppard, who played a Klingon in Star Trek VI?
Was Generation brought in, through urging by Greg Grunberg, to voice several of the other Romulans in the film?
Was The Next Generation, brought in, through urging by Greg Grunberg, to voice several of the other Romulans in the film?
Did fan cameo as a Kelvin crew member, and has a line of dialogue?
Did Star Trek fan and Carnegie Mellon University professor Randy Pausch cameo as a Kelvin crew member, and has a line of dialogue?
Did Shatner want to share Nimoy's major role, and did not want a cameo, despite his character's death in Star Trek Generations?
Did However, Shatner want to share Nimoy's major role, and did not want a cameo, despite his character's death in Star Trek Generations?
Did he suggest the film canonize his novels where Kirk is resurrected, but Abrams decided if his character was accompanying Nimoy's, it would have become a film about the resurrection of Kirk, and not about introducing the new versions of the characters?
Did He suggest the film canonize his novels where Kirk is resurrected, but Abrams decided if his character was accompanying Nimoy's, it would have become a film about the resurrection of Kirk, and not about introducing the new versions of the characters?
Did Nimoy dislike the character's death in Generations, but also felt resurrecting Kirk would be detrimental to this film, and his friendship with Shatner caused them to avoid discussing the film?
Did Nimoy dislike the character's death in Generations, but also felt resurrecting Kirk would be detrimental to this film, and his friendship with Shatner caused them to avoid discussing the film?
Do concept resurface until the late 1980s, when Ralph Winter and Harve Bennett submitted a proposal for a prequel during development of the fourth film?
Do But the prequel concept did not resurface until the late 1980s, when Ralph Winter and Harve Bennett submitted a proposal for a prequel during development of the fourth film?
Did Roddenberry reject Bennett's prequel proposal in 1991, after the completion of Star Trek V: The Final Frontier?
Did Roddenberry reject Bennett's prequel proposal in 1991, after the completion of Star Trek V: The Final Frontier?
Did Loughery write a script entitled The Academy Years, but it was shelved in light of objections from Roddenberry and the fanbase?
Did Then David Loughery write a script entitled The Academy Years, but it was shelved in light of objections from Roddenberry and the fanbase?
Did February begin developing a new film entitled Star Trek?
Did In February 2005, after the financial failure of the tenth film, Star Trek: Nemesis (2002), and the cancellation of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the franchise's executive producer Rick Berman and screenwriter Erik Jendresen begin developing a new film entitled Star Trek?
Was it to revolve around a new set of characters, led by Kirk's ancestor Tiberius Chase, and be set during the Earth-Romulan War—after the events of Enterprise but before the events of the original series?
Was It to revolve around a new set of characters, led by Kirk's ancestor Tiberius Chase, and be set during the Earth-Romulan War—after the events of Enterprise but before the events of the original series?
Did Berman approach Mission: Impossible III writers Orci and Kurtzman for ideas on the new film, and after the film had completed shooting she asked their director, Abrams, to produce it?
Did Berman approach Mission: Impossible III writers Orci and Kurtzman for ideas on the new film, and after the film had completed shooting she asked their director, Abrams, to produce it?
Do Abrams consider themselves trekkies, and feel some of the Star Trek novels have canonical value, although Roddenberry never considered the novels to be canon?
Do Abrams, Orci and Kurtzman, plus producers Damon Lindelof and Bryan Burk, felt the franchise had explored enough of what took place after the series, Orci and Lindelof consider themselves trekkies, and feel some of the Star Trek novels have canonical value, although Roddenberry never considered the novels to be canon?
Is Kurtzman a casual fan, while Burk was not?
Is Kurtzman a casual fan, while Burk was not?
Did company produce the film with Paramount, marking the first time another company had financed a Star Trek film?
Did Abrams' company, Bad Robot Productions produce the film with Paramount, marking the first time another company had financed a Star Trek film?
Did Entertainment produce the film, but, during 2008, Spyglass Entertainment replaced them as financial partner?
Did Bill Todman, Jr.'s Level 1 Entertainment also co- produce the film, but, during 2008, Spyglass Entertainment replaced them as financial partner?
Did he acknowledge that as a child he had actually preferred the Star Wars movies?
Did He also acknowledge that as a child he had actually preferred the Star Wars movies?
Did he note that his general knowledge of Star Trek made him well suited to introduce the franchise to newcomers, and that, being an optimistic person, he would make Star Trek an optimistic film, which would be a refreshing contrast to the likes of The Dark Knight?
Did He note that his general knowledge of Star Trek made him well suited to introduce the franchise to newcomers, and that, being an optimistic person, he would make Star Trek an optimistic film, which would be a refreshing contrast to the likes of The Dark Knight?
Did he note he only became involved with the project as producer initially because he wanted to help Orci, Kurtzman and Lindelof?
Did He note he only became involved with the project as producer initially because he wanted to help Orci, Kurtzman and Lindelof?
Did February accept Paramount's offer to direct the film, after having initially been attached to it solely as a producer?
Did On February 23, 2007, Abrams accept Paramount's offer to direct the film, after having initially been attached to it solely as a producer?
Did Orci say that their aim had been to impress a casual fan like Abrams with their story?
Did Orci and Kurtzman say that their aim had been to impress a casual fan like Abrams with their story?
Do i love Kirk and Spock when I began this journey?
Do I didn't love Kirk and Spock when I began this journey?
Did writers acknowledge time travel had been overused in the other series, but it served a good purpose in creating a new set of adventures for the original characters before they could completely do away with it in other films?
Did The writers acknowledge time travel had been overused in the other series, but it served a good purpose in creating a new set of adventures for the original characters before they could completely do away with it in other films?
Did Generation set in 2368?
Did The Next Generation set in 2368?
Did episode serve as one of the influences for the film?
Did Orci say it was difficult giving a good explanation for the time travel without being gimmicky, like having Nero specifically seeking to assassinate Kirk?
Did Orci say it was difficult giving a good explanation for the time travel without being gimmicky, like having Nero specifically seeking to assassinate Kirk?
Did Orci note while the time travel story allowed them to alter some backstory elements such as Kirk's first encounter with the Romulans, they could not use it as a crutch to change everything and they tried to approach the film as a prequel as much as possible?
Did Orci note while the time travel story allowed them to alter some backstory elements such as Kirk's first encounter with the Romulans, they could not use it as a crutch to change everything and they tried to approach the film as a prequel as much as possible?
Was service left out because it was deemed irrelevant to the story of Kirk meeting Spock, although Orci felt nothing in his script precluded it from the new film's backstory?
Was meeting a scene involving Kirk meeting Carol Marcus (who is revealed as the mother of his son in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan) as a child, but it was dropped because the film needed more time to introduce the core characters?
Was There a scene involving Kirk meeting Carol Marcus (who is revealed as the mother of his son in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan) as a child, but it was dropped because the film needed more time to introduce the core characters?
Was line difficult to write and was ultimately cut out?
Was The line difficult to write and was ultimately cut out?
Does filmmakers explore Kirk's childhood and names his parents?
Does The filmmakers sought inspiration from novels such as Prime Directive, Spock's World and Best Destiny to fill in gaps unexplained by canon; Best Destiny particularly explore Kirk's childhood and names his parents?
Did Orci explain parts of the ship would have to be constructed on Earth because of the artificial gravity employed on the ship and its requirement for sustaining warp speed, and therefore the calibration of the ship's machinery would be best done in the exact gravity well which is to be simulated?
Did Orci explain parts of the ship would have to be constructed on Earth because of the artificial gravity employed on the ship and its requirement for sustaining warp speed, and therefore the calibration of the ship's machinery would be best done in the exact gravity well which is to be simulated?
Did they feel free to have the ship built in Iowa because canon is ambiguous as to whether it was built in San Francisco, but this is a result of the time travel rather than something intended to overlap with the original timeline?
Did They feel free to have the ship built in Iowa because canon is ambiguous as to whether it was built in San Francisco, but this is a result of the time travel rather than something intended to overlap with the original timeline?
Did Abrams note the continuity of the original series itself was inconsistent at times?
Did Abrams note the continuity of the original series itself was inconsistent at times?
Did Abrams see humor and sex appeal as two integral and popular elements of the show that needed to be maintained?
Did Abrams see humor and sex appeal as two integral and popular elements of the show that needed to be maintained?
Did Orci state being realistic and being serious were not the same thing?
Did Orci state being realistic and being serious were not the same thing?
Was approval partly why Abrams signed on to direct?
Was Katie Abrams' approval of the strong female characters partly why Abrams signed on to direct?
Did Kurtzman note comparisons of Kirk, Spock and McCoy to Shakespearian archetypes, and Kirk and Spock's friendship echoing that of John Lennon and Paul McCartney?
Did Orci and Kurtzman read graduate school dissertations on the series for inspiration; they note comparisons of Kirk, Spock and McCoy to Shakespearian archetypes, and Kirk and Spock's friendship echoing that of John Lennon and Paul McCartney?
Did they note that, in the creation of this film, they were influenced by Star Wars, particularly in pacing?
Did They also note that, in the creation of this film, they were influenced by Star Wars, particularly in pacing?
Was Kelvin named after J.J. Abrams' grandfather, as well as the physicist and engineer Lord Kelvin (William Thomson)?
Was The USS Kelvin, the ship Kirk's father serves on, named after J.J. Abrams' grandfather, as well as the physicist and engineer Lord Kelvin (William Thomson)?
Was The Kelvin's captain, Richard Robau (Faran Tahir), named after Orci's Cuban uncle: Orci theorized the fictional character was born in Cuba and grew up in the Middle East?
Is reference Slusho, which Uhura orders at the bar where she meets Kirk?
Is Another reference to Abrams' previous works Slusho, which Uhura orders at the bar where she meets Kirk?
Did Abrams create the fictitious drink for Alias and it reappeared in viral marketing for Cloverfield?
Did Abrams create the fictitious drink for Alias and it reappeared in viral marketing for Cloverfield?
Is owner also from Cloverfield and appears on a building in San Francisco?
Is Its owner, Tagruato, also from Cloverfield and appears on a building in San Francisco?
Is matter in the shape of a red ball, an Abrams motif dating back to the pilot of Alias?
Is The red matter in the film in the shape of a red ball, an Abrams motif dating back to the pilot of Alias?
Was designer Scott Chambliss, a longtime collaborator with Abrams?
Was The film's production designer Scott Chambliss, a longtime collaborator with Abrams?
Did Chambliss work with a large group of concept illustrators, including James Clyne, Ryan Church, creature designer Neville Page, and Star Trek veteran John Eaves?
Did Chambliss work with a large group of concept illustrators, including James Clyne, Ryan Church, creature designer Neville Page, and Star Trek veteran John Eaves?
Did Abrams state the difficulty of depicting the future was that much of modern technology was inspired by the original show, and made it seem outdated?
Did Abrams state the difficulty of depicting the future was that much of modern technology was inspired by the original show, and made it seem outdated?
Do design feel more advanced than the real world technology developed after it.?
Do Thus the production design had to be consistent with the television series but also feel more advanced than the real world technology developed after it.?
Do i feel like there's a certain thing that you can't really hold onto, which is kind of the kitschy quality?
Must That go if it's going to be something that you believe is real.?
Must That go if it's going to be something that you believe is real.?
Did Bobbitt collaborate with Nokia on recreating the original communicator, creating a $50,000 prototype?
Did Prop master Russell Bobbitt collaborate with Nokia on recreating the original communicator, creating a $50,000 prototype?
Did prop recreate for the film was the tricorder?
Did Another prop recreate for the film was the tricorder?
Did Bobbitt bring the original prop to the set, but the actors found it too large to carry when filming action scenes, so technical advisor Doug Brody redesigned it to be smaller?
Did Bobbitt bring the original prop to the set, but the actors found it too large to carry when filming action scenes, so technical advisor Doug Brody redesigned it to be smaller?
Was car used on location?
Was An Aptera Typ-1 prototype car used on location?
Did Chambliss maintain the layout of the original bridge, but aesthetically altered it with brighter colors to reflect the optimism of Star Trek?
Did Production designer Scott Chambliss maintain the layout of the original bridge, but aesthetically altered it with brighter colors to reflect the optimism of Star Trek?
Was viewscreen made into a window that could have images projected on it to make the space environment palpable?
Was The viewscreen made into a window that could have images projected on it to make the space environment palpable?
Did Abrams compare the redesign to the sleek modernist work of Pierre Cardin and the sets from 2001: A Space Odyssey, which were from the 1960s?
Did Abrams compare the redesign to the sleek modernist work of Pierre Cardin and the sets from 2001: A Space Odyssey, which were from the 1960s?
Were behest added to the bridge to make it look safer, and the set was built on gimbals so its rocking motions when the ship accelerates and is attacked was more realistic?
Were At the director's behest, more railings added to the bridge to make it look safer, and the set was built on gimbals so its rocking motions when the ship accelerates and is attacked was more realistic?
Did uniforms follow the show's original color-coding, with dark gray (almost black) undershirts and pants and colored overshirts showing each crew member's position?
Do officers wear gold shirts, science and medical officers wear blue, and operations (technicians, engineers, and security personnel) wear red?
Do Command officers wear gold shirts, science and medical officers wear blue, and operations (technicians, engineers, and security personnel) wear red?
Did Kaplan want the shirts to be more sophisticated than the originals and selected to have the Starfleet symbol patterned on them?
Did Kaplan want the shirts to be more sophisticated than the originals and selected to have the Starfleet symbol patterned on them?
Does Kirk wear only the undershirt because he is a cadet?
Does Kirk wear only the undershirt because he is a cadet?
Did Kaplan model the uniforms on the Kelvin on science fiction films of the 1940s and 1950s, to contrast with the Enterprise-era uniforms based on the ones created in the 1960s?
Did Kaplan model the uniforms on the Kelvin on science fiction films of the 1940s and 1950s, to contrast with the Enterprise-era uniforms based on the ones created in the 1960s?
Was Abrams a microcosm of the entire project, which was how to take something that's kind of silly and make it feel real?
Would Chambliss create a foreboding atmosphere?
Would Chambliss was heavily influenced by the architecture of Antoni Gaudí for the Narada, who created buildings that appeared to be inside out: by making the ship's exposed wires appear like bones or ligaments, it create a foreboding atmosphere?
Was interior made of six pieces that could be rearranged to create a different room?
Was The ship's interior made of six pieces that could be rearranged to create a different room?
Did actors have three prosthetics applied to their ears and foreheads, while Bana had a fourth prosthetic for the bitemark on his ear that extends to the back of his character's head?
Did The Romulan actors have three prosthetics applied to their ears and foreheads, while Bana had a fourth prosthetic for the bitemark on his ear that extends to the back of his character's head?
Was it abandoned as they did not pursue the idea enough?
Was It abandoned as they did not pursue the idea enough?
Did Kaplan want aged, worn and rugged clothes for the Romulans because of their mining backgrounds, and found some greasy looking fabrics at a flea market?
Did Kaplan want aged, worn and rugged clothes for the Romulans because of their mining backgrounds, and found some greasy looking fabrics at a flea market?
Did Kaplan track down the makers of those clothes, who were discovered to be based in Bali, and commissioned them to create his designs?
Did Kaplan track down the makers of those clothes, who were discovered to be based in Bali, and commissioned them to create his designs?
Did Burman supervise the makeup for the other aliens: his team had to rush the creation of many of the aliens, because originally the majority of them were to feature in one scene towards the end of filming?
Did Barney Burman supervise the makeup for the other aliens: his team had to rush the creation of many of the aliens, because originally the majority of them were to feature in one scene towards the end of filming?
Did Abrams deem the scene too similar to the cantina sequence in Star Wars and decided to dot the designs around the film?
Did Abrams deem the scene too similar to the cantina sequence in Star Wars and decided to dot the designs around the film?
Was tribble placed in the background of Scotty's introduction?
Was A tribble placed in the background of Scotty's introduction?
Was makeup used for aliens?
Was Both digital and physical makeup used for aliens?
Did photography begin on November 7, 2007 and culminated on March 27, 2008; however second unit filming occurred in Bakersfield, California in April 2008, which stood in for Kirk's childhood home in Iowa?
Did Principal photography for the film begin on November 7, 2007 and culminated on March 27, 2008; however second unit filming occurred in Bakersfield, California in April 2008, which stood in for Kirk's childhood home in Iowa?
Was lot used for the ice planet of Delta Vega and the Romulan drilling rig on Vulcan?
Was A parking lot outside Dodger Stadium used for the ice planet of Delta Vega and the Romulan drilling rig on Vulcan?
Did filmmakers express an interest in Iceland for scenes on Delta Vega, but decided against it: Chambliss enjoyed the challenge of filming scenes with snow in southern California?
Did The filmmakers express an interest in Iceland for scenes on Delta Vega, but decided against it: Chambliss enjoyed the challenge of filming scenes with snow in southern California?
Were exteriors shot at Vasquez Rocks, a location that was used in various episodes of the original series?
Were Other Vulcan exteriors shot at Vasquez Rocks, a location that was used in various episodes of the original series?
Was plant used for the Enterprise's engine room, while a Long Beach power plant was used for the Kelvin's engine room?
Was A Budweiser plant in Van Nuys used for the Enterprise's engine room, while a Long Beach power plant was used for the Kelvin's engine room?
Did initiation tell Variety that while he would not render writing services for the film and intended to walk the picket line, he did not expect the strike to impact his directing of the production?
Did Following the initiation of the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike on November 5, 2007, Abrams, himself a WGA member, tell Variety that while he would not render writing services for the film and intended to walk the picket line, he did not expect the strike to impact his directing of the production?
Did weeks polish the script for a final time?
Did In the final few weeks before the strike and start of production, Abrams and Lindelof polish the script for a final time?
Was Abrams frustrated that he was unable to alter lines during the strike, whereas normally they would have been able to improvise new ideas during rehearsal, although Lindelof acknowledged they could dub some lines in post-production?
Was Abrams frustrated that he was unable to alter lines during the strike, whereas normally they would have been able to improvise new ideas during rehearsal, although Lindelof acknowledged they could dub some lines in post-production?
Was Abrams able to alter a scene where Spock combats six Romulans from a fistfight to a gunfight, having decided there were too many physical brawls in the film?
Was Abrams able to alter a scene where Spock combats six Romulans from a fistfight to a gunfight, having decided there were too many physical brawls in the film?
Is The security of it immense?
Do you feel your freedom is a big challenge.?
Do You feel your freedom is a big challenge.?
Did film use the fake working title of Corporate Headquarters?
Did The film use the fake working title of Corporate Headquarters?
Did Some give the cast small boxes containing little telescopes, which allowed them to read the name of each constellation it was pointed at?
Did i say John Cho?
Did shoot cut out some scenes of Kirk and Spock as children, including seeing the latter as a baby, as well as a subplot involving Nero being imprisoned by the Klingons and his escape: this explanation for his absence during Kirk's life confused many to whom Abrams screened the film?
Did After the shoot, Abrams cut out some scenes of Kirk and Spock as children, including seeing the latter as a baby, as well as a subplot involving Nero being imprisoned by the Klingons and his escape: this explanation for his absence during Kirk's life confused many to whom Abrams screened the film?
Does she agree to open the e-mail containing his patch that allows him to pass the Kobayashi Maru test?
Did Abrams choose to shoot the film in the anamorphic format on 35 mm film after discussions about whether the film should be shot in high-definition digital video?
Did Abrams choose to shoot the film in the anamorphic format on 35 mm film after discussions about whether the film should be shot in high-definition digital video?
Did Mindel agree the choice gave the film a big-screen feel and the realistic, organic look they wanted for the film setting?
Did Cinematographer Dan Mindel and Abrams agree the choice gave the film a big-screen feel and the realistic, organic look they wanted for the film setting?
Did Abrams use lens flares throughout filming to create an optimistic atmosphere and a feeling that activity was taking place off-camera, making the Star Trek universe feel more real?
Did Abrams and Mindel use lens flares throughout filming to create an optimistic atmosphere and a feeling that activity was taking place off-camera, making the Star Trek universe feel more real?
Would Mindel create more flares by shining a flashlight or pointing a mirror at the camera lens, or using two cameras simultaneously and therefore two lighting set-ups?
Would Mindel create more flares by shining a flashlight or pointing a mirror at the camera lens, or using two cameras simultaneously and therefore two lighting set-ups?
Did Markey say in interview that he had not told her (or fellow editor Maryann Brandon) this, and initially contacted the film developers asking why the film seemed overexposed?
Did Editor Mary Jo Markey later say in interview that he had not told her (or fellow editor Maryann Brandon) this, and initially contacted the film developers asking why the film seemed overexposed?
Was Light among several companies that created over 1,000 special effect shots?
Was Industrial Light & Magic and Digital Domain among several companies that created over 1,000 special effect shots?
Was supervisors Roger Guyett, who collaborated with Abrams on Mission: Impossible III and also served as second unit director, and Russell Earl?
Was The visual effects supervisors Roger Guyett, who collaborated with Abrams on Mission: Impossible III and also served as second unit director, and Russell Earl?
Did sequence require the mixing of digital snow with real snow?
Did The Delta Vega sequence require the mixing of digital snow with real snow?
Was Star Trek the first film ILM worked on using entirely digital ships?
Was Enterprise intended by Abrams to be a merging of its design in the series and the refitted version from the original film?
Was The Enterprise intended by Abrams to be a merging of its design in the series and the refitted version from the original film?
Did Abrams have fond memories of the revelation of the Enterprise's refit in Star Trek: The Motion Picture, because it was the first time the ship felt tangible and real to him?
Did Abrams have fond memories of the revelation of the Enterprise's refit in Star Trek: The Motion Picture, because it was the first time the ship felt tangible and real to him?
Did Guyett want the ship to have more moving parts, which stemmed from his childhood dissatisfaction with the ship's design: The new Enterprise's dish can expand and move, while the fins on its engines split slightly when they begin warping?
Did Effects supervisor Roger Guyett want the ship to have more moving parts, which stemmed from his childhood dissatisfaction with the ship's design: The new Enterprise's dish can expand and move, while the fins on its engines split slightly when they begin warping?
Did filmmakers have to simulate lens flares on the ships in keeping with the film's cinematography?
Did The filmmakers have to simulate lens flares on the ships in keeping with the film's cinematography?
Was Porco consulted on the planetary science and imagery?
Was Carolyn Porco of NASA consulted on the planetary science and imagery?
Did animators recreate what an explosion would look like in space: short blasts, which suck inward and leave debris from a ship floating?
Did The animators realistically recreate what an explosion would look like in space: short blasts, which suck inward and leave debris from a ship floating?
Was shots used to simulate it breaking up, while the animators could manually composite multiple layers of rocks and wind sucking into the planet?
Was For shots of an imploding planet, the same explosion program used to simulate it breaking up, while the animators could manually composite multiple layers of rocks and wind sucking into the planet?
Do films swirl rather than speckle?
Do Unlike other Star Trek films and series, the transporter beam effects swirl rather than speckle?
Did Abrams conceive the redesign to emphasize the notion of transporters as beams that can pick up and move people, rather than a signal composed of scrambled atoms?
Did Abrams conceive the redesign to emphasize the notion of transporters as beams that can pick up and move people, rather than a signal composed of scrambled atoms?
Did Effects work on 48 shots, including some animation to Bana and Nimoy?
Did Lola Visual Effects work on 48 shots, including some animation to Bana and Nimoy?
Did Bana require extensive damage to his teeth, which was significant enough to completely replace his mouth in some shots?
Did Bana require extensive damage to his teeth, which was significant enough to completely replace his mouth in some shots?
Was mouth reanimated in his first scene with Kirk following a rerecording session?
Was Nimoy's mouth reanimated in his first scene with Kirk following a rerecording session?
 Nimoy when he rerecorded his lines so they could rotoscope his mouth into the film, even recreating the lighting conditions, but they realized they had to digitally recreate his lips because of the bouncing light created by the camp fire?
 Nimoy when he rerecorded his lines so they could rotoscope his mouth into the film, even recreating the lighting conditions, but they realized they had to digitally recreate his lips because of the bouncing light created by the camp fire?
Did he keep the original theme by Alexander Courage for the end credits, which Abrams said symbolized the momentum of the crew coming together?
Did He keep the original theme by Alexander Courage for the end credits, which Abrams said symbolized the momentum of the crew coming together?
Do you hope you do your best?
Do You just hope you do your best?
Was erhu used for the Vulcan themes?
Was An erhu, performed by Karen Han, used for the Vulcan themes?
Was recording used for the Romulans?
Was A distorted recording used for the Romulans?
Were music composed by Two Steps from Hell?
Were The music for the theatrical trailers composed by Two Steps from Hell?
Were effects designed by Star Wars veteran Ben Burtt?
Were The sound effects designed by Star Wars veteran Ben Burtt?
Did noises make his phaser sounds more like his blasters from Star Wars, because Abrams' depiction of phasers were closer to the blasters' bullet-like fire, rather than the steady beams of energy in previous Star Trek films?
Did Whereas the phaser blast noises from the television series were derived from The War of the Worlds (1953), Burtt make his phaser sounds more like his blasters from Star Wars, because Abrams' depiction of phasers were closer to the blasters' bullet-like fire, rather than the steady beams of energy in previous Star Trek films?
Did Burtt tap a long spring against a contact microphone, and combined that with cannon fire?
Did Burtt use a 1960s oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?
Did Burtt use a 1960s oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?
Did February announce they would move Star Trek from its December 25, 2008 release date to May 8, 2009, as the studio felt more people would see the film during summer than winter?
Did In February 2008, Paramount announce they would move Star Trek from its December 25, 2008 release date to May 8, 2009, as the studio felt more people would see the film during summer than winter?
Did decision come about after visiting the set and watching dailies, as they realized the film could appeal to a much broader audience?
Did Paramount's decision come about after visiting the set and watching dailies, as they realized the film could appeal to a much broader audience?
Did filmmakers acknowledge it would allow more time to perfect the visual effects?
Did Even though the filmmakers liked the Christmas release date, Damon Lindelof acknowledge it would allow more time to perfect the visual effects?
Did gap mean Alan Dean Foster was allowed to watch the whole film before writing the novelization, although the novel would contain scenes absent from the final edit?
Did The months-long gap between the completion of the production and release mean Alan Dean Foster was allowed to watch the whole film before writing the novelization, although the novel would contain scenes absent from the final edit?
Did Quinto narrate the audiobook?
Did Quinto narrate the audiobook?
Was screening held on April 6, 2009, at the Alamo Drafthouse theater in Austin, Texas, hosted by writers Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and producer Damon Lindelof?
Was A surprise public screening held on April 6, 2009, at the Alamo Drafthouse theater in Austin, Texas, hosted by writers Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and producer Damon Lindelof?
Was showing publicized as a screening of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, followed by a ten-minute preview of the new Star Trek film?
Was The showing publicized as a screening of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, followed by a ten-minute preview of the new Star Trek film?
Was Following held at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney on April 7, 2009?
Was Following the surprise screening in Texas, the first of many premieres across the world held at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney on April 7, 2009?
Did trailer debut in theaters with Cloverfield on January 18, 2008, which showed the Enterprise under construction?
Did The first teaser trailer debut in theaters with Cloverfield on January 18, 2008, which showed the Enterprise under construction?
Did Abrams direct the first part of the trailer, where a welder removes his goggles?
Did Abrams himself direct the first part of the trailer, where a welder removes his goggles?
Were welders hired for the teaser?
Were Professional welders hired for the teaser?
Did release tour Europe and North America with 25 minutes of footage?
Did Six months before the film's release, Abrams tour Europe and North America with 25 minutes of footage?
Did Abrams note the large-scale campaign started unusually early, but this was because the release delay allowed him to show more completed scenes than normal?
Did Abrams note the large-scale campaign started unusually early, but this was because the release delay allowed him to show more completed scenes than normal?
Did director prefer promoting his projects quietly, but concurred Paramount needed to remove Star Trek's stigma?
Did The director prefer promoting his projects quietly, but concurred Paramount needed to remove Star Trek's stigma?
Would ship have to beat them down or you lose the respect of your crew, which is protocol, whereas on a Federation ship that would be a crime?
Would On that ship when someone talks back to you, you have to beat them down or you lose the respect of your crew, which is protocol, whereas on a Federation ship that would be a crime?
Did Toys hold the merchandise rights for the new film?
Did Playmates Toys, who owned the Star Trek toy license until 2000, also hold the merchandise rights for the new film?
Was The first wave released in March and April 2009?
Do Playmates hope to continue their toy line into 2010?
Do Playmates hope to continue their toy line into 2010?
Was Sweden released on November 4?
Was In Sweden and Germany, it released on November 4?
Did sales stand at 5.7 million DVDs along with 1.1 million Blu-ray Discs, giving Paramount Pictures their third chart topping release in five weeks following Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra?
Did First week sales stand at 5.7 million DVDs along with 1.1 million Blu-ray Discs, giving Paramount Pictures their third chart topping release in five weeks following Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra?
Did screenings start at 7 pm on May 7, 2009, grossing $4 million on its opening day?
Did Official screenings in the United States start at 7 pm on May 7, 2009, grossing $4 million on its opening day?
Did inflation beat Star Trek: First Contact for the largest American opening for a Star Trek film?
Did Adjusted and unadjusted for inflation, it beat Star Trek: First Contact for the largest American opening for a Star Trek film?
Did film make US$8.5 million from its IMAX screenings, breaking The Dark Knight's $6.3 million IMAX opening record?
Did The film make US$8.5 million from its IMAX screenings, breaking The Dark Knight's $6.3 million IMAX opening record?
Is film the highest-grossing in the United States and Canada from the entire Star Trek film franchise, eclipsing The Voyage Home and Star Trek: The Motion Picture?
Is The film the highest-grossing in the United States and Canada from the entire Star Trek film franchise, eclipsing The Voyage Home and Star Trek: The Motion Picture?
Do numbers outgros the entire individual runs of The Undiscovered Country, The Final Frontier, Insurrection and Nemesis?
Do Its opening weekend numbers alone outgros the entire individual runs of The Undiscovered Country, The Final Frontier, Insurrection and Nemesis?
Did Trek end its United States theatrical run on October 1, 2009, with a box office total of $257,730,019, which places it as the seventh highest-grossing film for 2009 behind The Hangover?
Did Star Trek end its United States theatrical run on October 1, 2009, with a box office total of $257,730,019, which places it as the seventh highest-grossing film for 2009 behind The Hangover?
Did film gross $127,764,536 in international markets, for a total worldwide gross of $385,494,555?
Did The film gross $127,764,536 in international markets, for a total worldwide gross of $385,494,555?
Was grosses happy with the international sales, as Star Trek historically was a movie franchise that never has been a big draw overseas?
Was While foreign grosses represent only 31% of the total box office receipts, executives of Paramount happy with the international sales, as Star Trek historically was a movie franchise that never has been a big draw overseas?
Was Star Trek acclaimed by film critics?
Did Metacritic give the film an 83 out of 100 based on 37 reviews from critics?
Did Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score, give the film an 83 out of 100 based on 37 reviews from critics?
Does it remind us why we loved these characters in the first place.?
Does It remind us why we loved these characters in the first place.?
Were sentiments expressed by Rolling Stone journalist Peter Travers, who gave the film a 3.5 out of 4 stars?
Were Similar sentiments expressed by Rolling Stone journalist Peter Travers, who gave the film a 3.5 out of 4 stars?
Did he feel that the acting from the cast was the highlight of the filming, asserting that the performance of Pine radiated star quality?
Did He feel that the acting from the cast was the highlight of the filming, asserting that the performance of Pine radiated star quality?
 Out London's Tom Huddleston praised the aesthetic qualities of the film, such as the design of the Enterprise, and praised the performances of the cast?
 Out London's Tom Huddleston praised the aesthetic qualities of the film, such as the design of the Enterprise, and praised the performances of the cast?
Did Gleiberman feel that as the film progressed to the conclusion, Pine and Quinto emulated the same connection as Kirk and Spock?
Did Gleiberman feel that as the film progressed to the conclusion, Pine and Quinto emulated the same connection as Kirk and Spock?
Does Robey chart their relationship [...] in a nicely oblique way.?
Do it be immediately recognizable to veteran fans?
Did Ebert give it a 2.5 out of 4 stars?
Did Ebert ultimately give it a 2.5 out of 4 stars?
Did film garner numerous accolades after its release?
Did The film garner numerous accolades after its release?
Was 2010 nominated for four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards, for Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, Best Visual Effects, and Best Makeup?
Was In 2010, it nominated for four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards, for Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, Best Visual Effects, and Best Makeup?
Was film nominated for three Empire Awards, to which it won for Best Sci-Fi/Fantasy?
Was The film nominated for three Empire Awards, to which it won for Best Sci-Fi/Fantasy?
Did October win the Hollywood Award for Best Movie, and attained six Scream Awards and the 2009 Scream Awards Ceremony?
Did film attain a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture at the 16th Screen Actors Guild Awards?
Did The film attain a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture at the 16th Screen Actors Guild Awards?
Did Trek receive several nominations?
Did Star Trek receive several nominations?
Was film nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, but was beaten out by Up, also composed by Michael Giacchino?
Was The film nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, but was beaten out by Up, also composed by Michael Giacchino?
Was June nominated for five Teen Choice Awards?
Was On June 15, 2009, the film nominated for five Teen Choice Awards?
Was addition nominated for five Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards and was named one of the top-ten films of 2009 by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures?
Was In addition, Star Trek nominated for five Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards and was named one of the top-ten films of 2009 by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures?
Did members sign on for two sequels as part of their original deals?
Did The film's major cast members sign on for two sequels as part of their original deals?
Did Abrams sign to produce and Abrams signed to direct the first sequel?
Did Abrams and Bryan Burk sign to produce and Abrams signed to direct the first sequel?
Was sequel released on May 16, 2013.A third film is now in development, but Abrams will return only as producer (due to him directing Star Wars: The Force Awakens) and Kurtzman is no longer writing?
Was The sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness, starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Khan Noonien Singh, released on May 16, 2013.A third film is now in development, but Abrams will return only as producer (due to him directing Star Wars: The Force Awakens) and Kurtzman is no longer writing?
Was May reported that Roberto Orci would no longer direct?
Was On May 13, 2014, it was announced that Roberto Orci, the writer of the first and second film, would direct the third film, but in December 2014, it reported that Roberto Orci would no longer direct?
Was it announced that Lin will direct the film?
Was A week later, it announced that Lin will direct the film?
