Who asks Frankie to train her, but he initially refuses?
Who works out tirelessly each day in his gym, even after Frankie tells her she's "too old" to begin a boxing career at her age?
Frankie's prize prospect, "Big" Willie Little, signs with successful manager Mickey Mack after becoming impatient who 's rejecting offers for a championship bout?
With prodding from Scrap and impressed with her persistence who reluctantly agrees to train Maggie?
He warns her who will teach her only the basics and then find her a manager?
Other than Maggie and his employees, the only person Frankie has contact with is a local pastor, with who spars verbally at daily Mass?
Before her first fight who leaves Maggie with a random manager in his gym, much to her dismay; upon being told by Scrap that said manager deliberately put her up against his best girl (coaching the novice to lose) to give her an easy win, Frankie rejoins Maggie in the middle of the bout and coaches her instead to an unforeseen victory?
A natural who fights her way up in the women's amateur boxing division with Frankie's coaching, winning many of her lightweight bouts with first-round knockouts?
Earning a reputation for her KOs who must resort to bribery to get other managers to put their trainee fighters up against her?
Who comes to establish a paternal bond with Maggie, who substitutes for his estranged daughter?
Scrap, concerned who rejects several offers for big fights, arranges a meeting for her with Mickey Mack at a diner on her 33rd birthday?
Out of loyalty who declines?
Who begrudgingly accepts a fight for her against a top-ranked opponent in the UK, where he bestows a Gaelic nickname on her?
The two travel Europe who continues to win; Maggie eventually saves up enough of her winnings to buy her mother a house, but she berates Maggie for endangering her government aid, claiming that everyone back home is laughing at her?
Who is finally willing to arrange a title fight?
He who a $1 million match in Las Vegas, Nevada against the WBA women's welterweight champion, Billie "The Blue Bear", a German ex-prostitute who has a reputation as a dirty fighter?
Overcoming a shaky start who begins to dominate the fight, but after a round has ended, Billie knocks her out with an illegal sucker punch from behind after the bell has sounded to indicate the end of the round?
Who can pull the corner stool out of the way which was inappropriately placed on its side by Frankie's assistant, Maggie lands hard on it, breaking her neck and leaving her a ventilator-dependent quadriplegic?
In a medical rehabilitation facility who looks forward to a visit from her family, but they arrive accompanied by an attorney and only after having first visited Disneyland and Universal Studios Hollywood; their only concern is to transfer Maggie's assets to them?
As the days pass, however who develops bedsores and undergoes an amputation for an infected leg?
She asks a favor of Frankie: to help her die, declaring who got everything she wanted out of life?
A who refuses, and Maggie later bites her tongue repeatedly in an attempt to bleed to death, but the medical staff saves her and takes measures to prevent further suicide attempts?
The who has harassed for 23 years, Father Horvak, warns him that he would never find himself again if he were to go through with Maggie's wishes?
Who sneaks in one night, unaware that Scrap is watching from the shadows?
Just before administering a fatal injection of adrenaline who finally tells Maggie the meaning of a nickname he gave her, Mo Chuisle (spelled incorrectly in the film as "mo cuishle"): Irish for "my darling, and my blood" (literally, "my pulse")?
The last shot of the film who sitting at the counter of a diner where Maggie once took him?
Brían F. O'Byrne as Father Horvak, the priest of the church who attends, who cannot stand Dunn?
Grant who as Billie's cut man, (trainer) trained Hilary Swank off screen for her Academy award winning roleThe film was stuck in so-called "development hell" for years before it was shot?
Several studios rejected the project even who signed on as actor and director?
Who persuaded Lakeshore Entertainment's Tom Rosenberg to put up half the budget (as well as handle foreign distribution), with Warner Bros. contributing the rest ($15 million)?
Who shot the film in less than 40 days between June and July 2004?
Who had his daughter Morgan Colette appear in a brief role as a girl who waves to Swank's character at a gas station?
Who had confidence in Swank's acting background, but upon seeing Swank's small physique, he had concerns, "I just thought,?
But what happened is who had this great work ethic."Consequently, to prepare for her role, Swank underwent extensive training in the ring and weight room gaining 19 pounds of muscle, aided by professional trainer Grant L Roberts?
She did not tell Eastwood about the infection who thought it would be out of character for Maggie?
Who of the Chicago Sun Times gave the film four stars and stated that "Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby is a masterpiece, pure and simple," listing it as the best film of 2004?
Who stated: "My main objection to Million Dollar Baby always centered on its misleading marketing, and effort by Warner Brothers to sell it as a movie about a female Rocky, with barely a hint of the pitch-dark substance that led Andrew Sarris of the New York Observer . .?
Wesley who in The Weekly Standard also criticized the film for its ending and for missed opportunities; Smith said, "The movie could have ended with Maggie triumphing once again, perhaps having obtained an education and becoming a teacher; or, opening a business managing boxers; or perhaps, receiving a standing ovation as an inspirational speaker."Eastwood responded to the criticism by saying the film was about the American dream?
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times who distanced himself from the actions of characters in his films, noting, "I've gone around in movies blowing people away with a .44 Magnum?
Who stated that "a movie is not good or bad because of its content, but because of how it handles its content?
When describing the plot of the film who gave a spoiler warning?
Who of USA Today said the film "packs a surprise plot twist" and said "spoilsports already have begun to leak details about this drama", saying "the urge to divulge the story's secrets will only grow worse when the film finally goes nationwide.?
Who noted that David Thomson of The Independent "offered readers only a hint of the story basics" and said "most reviewers have coddled the sports saga with similar care...?
Who of Christianity Today said, "Who wants to watch a movie when you know how it ends?
Who and Morgan Freeman received Best Actress in a Leading Role and Best Actor in a Supporting Role Oscars, respectively?
