Who came through La Masia, the Barcelona youth academy, after an early emigration from his birthplace, and impressed from an early age?
Who played for Spain at the Under-16, Under-19 and Under-21 levels before making his international debut in 2006?
Who scored the winning goal in the final against the Netherlands and was named the Man of the Match, and was also selected to the tournament's All-Star Team?
Who received the Marca Legend Award in 2011?
Who received the Golden Foot Award?
Who attracted the attention of scouts from many clubs around Spain?
Who persuaded them to consider sending Iniesta to the Barcelona youth academy?
Who says he "cried rivers" the day he left for La Masia and struggled being separated from his parents; he was very shy and kept to himself while there?
Who continued to improve and develop?
Who earned plaudits for his willingness to play in any position for his team?
Who played at central midfield against Liverpool?
Who responded the same day to deny the rumours, saying: "I've been told about that and I'm very surprised?
Who was 100 percent and finally returned to action on 3 January 2009 as a 65th-minute substitute against RCD Mallorca?
Who scored a crucial goal and completed a Barcelona comeback in front of the Camp Nou?
Who creates a spectacle.?
Who wrote: "I connected with that shot with the outside, not the inside or the tip of my boot, but right from my heart, with all my might."This goal sent Barcelona through to the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final in Rome against defending champions Manchester United?
Who said: "I'm not obsessed with Messi, Iniesta is the danger?
Who finds passes, his movement and ability to create space is incredible?
Who played and was influential in the game, providing the assist for the first goal scored by Samuel Eto'o as his team went on to win 2–0; in his analysis, David Pleat wrote, "In the end the midfield artistry of Iniesta and Xavi, helped by Messi, was the critical factor"?
Who described Iniesta as the best player in the world?
Who was one of five nominations for the World Player of the Year award alongside teammates Lionel Messi, and Xavi Hernandez?
Who commented that "the fans of the team who have always been there to support our team-mates also deserve to be recognised"?
Who did so mostly as a substitute, starting only 20 games throughout?
Who aggravated a previous calf injury during training?
Who returned to Barcelona for a pre-season medical on 9 August 2010?
Who said of the message dedicated to Daniel Jarque revealed during his goal celebration in the World Cup final: "I did it because I felt it deeply?
Who said: "It was hard, but I will start with more desire than ever."Iniesta scored his first goal of the season for Barcelona during the opening La Liga fixture against Racing Santander, lobbing the ball into the net from a distance of 30 yards?
Who scored a vital goal against AC Milan in the quarterfinal?
Who went on to score in the semifinal against Chelsea FC to make it 2–0, but Chelsea FC came back and the game ended 2–2?
Who was named on a three-man shortlist for the 2012 FIFA Ballon d'Or, along with Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi?
Who to make his final appearance for Barça before joining Qatari club Al Sadd?
Who was substituted?
Who became a regular choice for youth coach Juan Santisteban?
Who formed part of the Spanish side that reached the FIFA World Youth Championship final in the United Arab Emirates, and was named in the FIFA all-star team?
Who won his first cap for La Furia Roja he was brought on at half-time in a friendly against Russia on 27 May 2006.He scored his first goal for Spain in a friendly against England on 7 February 2007?
Who played a pivotal part in Spain's qualification for UEFA Euro 2008 by scoring goals against Sweden and by assisting the strikers?
Who still played an integral part in the midfield?
Who played the entire 90 minutes and produced a quality cross which Xavi converted to open the scoring?
Who did not participate in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup in South Africa due to a thigh muscle injury?
Who scored the winning goal in the 116th minute of a 1–0 win against Netherlands?
Who started all three matches for Spain at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, winning his 100th cap in the team's final group match against Australia?
Who creates and scores," and Frank Rijkaard said "I played him as a false winger, central midfielder, deep midfielder and just behind the striker and he was always excellent.?
Who races into threatening positions?
Who has gained a reputation for playing a part in important goals for club and country, specifically playing a leading role in the 2006, 2009 and 2011 UEFA Champions League finals, as well as the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final and 2008–09 UEFA Champions League and Euro 2008 semi-finals?
Who also praised Iniesta, stating on the Spanish radio station Cadena COPE, "Iniesta really impresses me?
Who is paler than me." Atlético de Madrid striker and Spain team-mate Fernando Torres said that "we've been playing together since we were 15 and I have never, ever seen him play badly." He is widely regarded as one of the most respected and best midfielders of all time?
Who features in EA Sports' FIFA video game series, and was the sixth highest rated player in FIFA 15?
Who had the ninth highest social media rank in the world among sportspeople, with 24 million Facebook fans?
Who confirmed that she was pregnant with his child?
Who gave birth to their daughter Valeria?
Who confirmed that Anna was pregnant with a baby boy?
Who and his wife lost their son due to miscarriage?
Who loaned them a further €240,000 to cover unpaid wages?
